README.md, before:

# Ruby Scripts
**DISCLAIMER**: There are scripts contained in this repository that contain code taken from online sources, for which I claim neither ownership nor authorship. I will do my best to attribute credit to the original authors and provide software licenses where pertinent. I provide and utilize these scripts with the understanding that in doing so, I am not violating any law. If there is any copyright or licensing information missing from this repository which should be included, please contact me ASAP or submit a pull request, so the situation may be corrected.

I currently use OS X 10.9 Mavericks; scripts are not tested for other operating systems.

---
### Homebrew
Fixes for Homebrew issues

**1. osxfuse** Some software, such as Bitcasa and TrueCrypt, install libs that don't brew nicely with others

### Util
Some miscellaneous scripts I wrote to make my life easier, or just for fun/experimentation.

- `diff-wrapper` executes a script to launch diff tool (RubyMine in this case) used with `git difftool`
- `sass-convert-dir` I wrote this before I knew about `sass-convert -R`, haha
- `shortcuttr` A neat script for creating executable bash scripts that act as bash command shortcuts

Commit message:

- removed unused ssh-config file - added `lolping` - updated README

README.md, after:

# Ruby Scripts
These are Ruby scripts I've either authored or modified.

Note: Scripts are designed and tested for use in **OS X 10.9 Mavericks** using my unique environment and tools; their functionality is not guaranteed in other systems.

---
### Homebrew
Tools and for improving Homebrew and solving related issues

**1. osxfuse** Some software, such as Bitcasa and TrueCrypt, install libs that don't brew nicely with others

### Util
Some miscellaneous scripts I wrote to make my life easier, or just for fun/experimentation.

- `diff-wrapper` executes a script to launch diff tool (RubyMine in this case) used with `git difftool`
- `sass-convert-dir` I wrote this before I knew about `sass-convert -R`, haha
- `shortcuttr` A neat script for creating executable bash scripts that act as bash command shortcuts

### Fun
- `lolping` Helps me from being farked up in solo Q by testing latency of their servers

---
**DISCLAIMER**: There are scripts contained in this repository that contain code taken from online sources, for which I claim neither ownership nor authorship. I will do my best to attribute credit to the original authors and provide software licenses where pertinent. I provide and utilize these scripts with the understanding that in doing so, I am not violating any law. If there is any copyright or licensing information missing from this repository which should be included, please contact me ASAP or submit a pull request, so the situation may be corrected.
